README.md, before:

# generator-yargs [![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/rahatarmanahmed/generator-yargs.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/rahatarmanahmed/generator-yargs)

A [Yeoman](http://yeoman.io) generator that generates a simple scaffold for node scripts meant to be used as global commands. Supports CoffeeScript, too!


## Getting Started

### What is Yeoman?

Trick question. It's not a thing. It's this guy:

![](http://i.imgur.com/JHaAlBJ.png)

Basically, he wears a top hat, lives in your computer, and waits for you to tell him what kind of application you wish to create.

Not every new computer comes with a Yeoman pre-installed. He lives in the [npm](https://npmjs.org) package repository. You only have to ask for him once, then he packs up and moves into your hard drive. *Make sure you clean up, he likes new and shiny things.*

```bash
npm install -g yo
```

### Yeoman Generators

Yeoman travels light. He didn't pack any generators when he moved in. You can think of a generator like a plug-in. You get to choose what type of application you wish to create, such as a Backbone application or even a Chrome extension.

To install generator-yargs from npm, run:

```bash
npm install -g generator-yargs
```

Finally, initiate the generator:

```bash
yo yargs
```

### CoffeeScript

This generator will generate a simple CoffeeScript project with a simple Gruntfile to compile with. Either initiate the generator with `yo yargs --coffee` or just answer the question in the generator wizard.

To build your coffee files, run `grunt build` or just `grunt`.

### Usage

You can use `npm link` to create a global reference to your project, allowing you to call your script by the command you specified in the wizard.

### Getting To Know Yeoman

Yeoman has a heart of gold. He's a person with feelings and opinions, but he's very easy to work with. If you think he's too opinionated, he can be easily convinced.

If you'd like to get to know Yeoman better and meet some of his friends, [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com) and [Bower](http://bower.io), check out the complete [Getting Started Guide](https://github.com/yeoman/yeoman/wiki/Getting-Started).


## License

MIT

Commit message:

Updated yo and replaced grunt with npm scripts

README.md, after:

# generator-not-yargs [![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/rahatarmanahmed/generator-not-yargs.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/rahatarmanahmed/generator-not-yargs)

> [Yeoman](http://yeoman.io) generator


## Getting Started

### What is Yeoman?

Trick question. It's not a thing. It's this guy:

![](http://i.imgur.com/JHaAlBJ.png)

Basically, he wears a top hat, lives in your computer, and waits for you to tell him what kind of application you wish to create.

Not every new computer comes with a Yeoman pre-installed. He lives in the [npm](https://npmjs.org) package repository. You only have to ask for him once, then he packs up and moves into your hard drive. *Make sure you clean up, he likes new and shiny things.*

```bash
npm install -g yo
```

### Yeoman Generators

Yeoman travels light. He didn't pack any generators when he moved in. You can think of a generator like a plug-in. You get to choose what type of application you wish to create, such as a Backbone application or even a Chrome extension.

To install generator-yargs from npm, run:

```bash
npm install -g generator-yargs
```

Finally, initiate the generator:

```bash
yo yargs
```

If you wish to use coffeescript:

```bash
yo yargs --coffee
```

To build your coffee files, run `npm run build`.

### Usage

You can use `npm link` to create a global reference to your project, allowing you to call your script by the command you specified in the wizard.

### Getting To Know Yeoman

Yeoman has a heart of gold. He's a person with feelings and opinions, but he's very easy to work with. If you think he's too opinionated, he can be easily convinced.

If you'd like to get to know Yeoman better and meet some of his friends, [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com) and [Bower](http://bower.io), check out the complete [Getting Started Guide](https://github.com/yeoman/yeoman/wiki/Getting-Started).


## License

MIT
